doc/source/index.rst, before:

============
stacktask-ui
============

StackTask Dashboard

* Free software: Apache license
* Source: https://github.com/catalyst/stacktask-ui

Installation instructions
=========================

Begin by cloning the Horizon and StackTask UI repositories::

    git clone https://github.com/openstack/horizon
    git clone https://github.com/catalyst/stacktask-ui

Create a virtual environment and install Horizon dependencies::

    cd horizon
    python tools/install_venv.py

Set up your ``local_settings.py`` file::

    cp openstack_dashboard/local/local_settings.py.example openstack_dashboard/local/local_settings.py

Open up the copied ``local_settings.py`` file in your preferred text
editor. You will want to customize several settings:

-  ``OPENSTACK_HOST`` should be configured with the hostname of your
   OpenStack server. Verify that the ``OPENSTACK_KEYSTONE_URL`` and
   ``OPENSTACK_KEYSTONE_DEFAULT_ROLE`` settings are correct for your
   environment. (They should be correct unless you modified your
   OpenStack server to change them.)
-  ``OPENSTACK_REGISTRATION_URL`` should also be configured to point to
   you StackTask server and version.

You will also need to update the ``keystone_policy.json`` file in horizon with
the following lines::

    "project_mod": "role:project_mod",
    "project_admin": "role:project_admin",
    "project_mod_or_admin": "rule:admin_required or rule:project_mod or rule:project_admin",
    "project_admin_only": "rule:admin_required or rule:project_admin",
    "identity:project_users_access": "rule:project_mod_or_admin",

Install StackTask UI with all dependencies in your virtual environment::

    tools/with_venv.sh pip install -e ../stacktask-ui/

And enable it in Horizon::

    cp ../stacktask-ui/enabled/ openstack_dashboard/local/enabled

Release Notes
=============

.. toctree::
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  releases/*

Source Code Reference
=====================

.. toctree::
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  sourcecode/autoindex

Commit message:

Renaming StackTask to Adjutant
* This is just a search and replace.
* No functional changes.

Change-Id: Id03ae0cb572df127a590e2631c3fb4888b34ac84

doc/source/index.rst, after:

============
adjutant-ui
============

Adjutant Dashboard

* Free software: Apache license
* Source: https://github.com/catalyst/adjutant-ui

Installation instructions
=========================

Begin by cloning the Horizon and Adjutant UI repositories::

    git clone https://github.com/openstack/horizon
    git clone https://github.com/catalyst/adjutant-ui

Create a virtual environment and install Horizon dependencies::

    cd horizon
    python tools/install_venv.py

Set up your ``local_settings.py`` file::

    cp openstack_dashboard/local/local_settings.py.example openstack_dashboard/local/local_settings.py

Open up the copied ``local_settings.py`` file in your preferred text
editor. You will want to customize several settings:

-  ``OPENSTACK_HOST`` should be configured with the hostname of your
   OpenStack server. Verify that the ``OPENSTACK_KEYSTONE_URL`` and
   ``OPENSTACK_KEYSTONE_DEFAULT_ROLE`` settings are correct for your
   environment. (They should be correct unless you modified your
   OpenStack server to change them.)
-  ``OPENSTACK_REGISTRATION_URL`` should also be configured to point to
   you Adjutant server and version.

You will also need to update the ``keystone_policy.json`` file in horizon with
the following lines::

    "project_mod": "role:project_mod",
    "project_admin": "role:project_admin",
    "project_mod_or_admin": "rule:admin_required or rule:project_mod or rule:project_admin",
    "project_admin_only": "rule:admin_required or rule:project_admin",
    "identity:project_users_access": "rule:project_mod_or_admin",

Install Adjutant UI with all dependencies in your virtual environment::

    tools/with_venv.sh pip install -e ../adjutant-ui/

And enable it in Horizon::

    cp ../adjutant-ui/enabled/ openstack_dashboard/local/enabled

Release Notes
=============

.. toctree::
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  releases/*

Source Code Reference
=====================

.. toctree::
  :glob:
  :maxdepth: 1

  sourcecode/autoindex
